Uh. Senpai?
[Shiori humming]
[SHINOZAKI] It's rare for her
to still be here at dinnertime.
♪ Meow for Meowtaro! ♪
♪ Meow, meow, meow! ♪
-She's singing her heart out!
-Meow, meow, meow!
-Huh?
-[SHINOZAKI] Busted.
Uh... huh...
-♪ Meow for Meowtaro! ♪
-She's doubling down!
♪ Meow, meow, meow! ♪
[SHINOZAKI]
And she wants me to sing along?
♪ Meow, meow, meow! ♪
Good job, Shinozaki!
That sounded lovely.
-[chuckles]
-Another cute abuse of power.
Hmm.
Yuusuke's a thirsty boi.
Huh?
[YUUSUKE] Wow, you're working
late on your entry, huh?
Take this. It is for you.
Okay. Thank you.
If I were you, I'd just
throw something together
and call it a day.
Anyway, I'm going home.
See ya! Don't work too hard!
[sighs]
[KURUSU]
Throw it together? No!
I have to help the director
aim higher!
Hey, everybody.
How's your morning?
[STAFF]
Uh...
Is there something bothering
you guys?
I should be asking you
that question!
[SHIORI] The competition
deadline is soon.
Is he working too hard?
Not to worry! I'm A-okay!
[SHINOZAKI] At least, that's
what I want her to think.
But on the inside,
I'm losing it!
I've never competed directly
against someone at work.
Then there's the pressure
of keeping our manager.
I could really use a break,
but I can't tell Senpai that!
Then she would start
stressing out too!
See, never been better.
Work, work, work.
Uh...
[SHIORI]
Shinozaki.
Huh?
It's the kanji for person,
remember?
Now go ahead
and scarf it down, okay?
Uh, what for?
I can tell that you're worried
about your presentation
being absolutely perfect.
But regardless of the way
it goes in the end,
you still don't need to be
afraid of failure.
I'd even say that's what
the contest is about!
So just swing
as hard as you can!
Are you assuming
that I'm gonna miss?
-[giggles]
-Uh, thank you, Senpai.
[SHIORI]
Sure!
[TAKATSUKASA]
Magnificent!
The concept and targeting are
so accessible and well-defined.
I really appreciate that,
ma'am.
Just one thing.
You need a nice image
to illustrate
the complete product
and then this will be
an even easier sell.
Oh, an image.
Right, and it can be
as simple as you want.
[smiles] You're almost there,
Kurusu.
I believe in you!
♪
[KURUSU]
Okay.
Hmph.
[SHINOZAKI] Senpai helped me
calm down a bit.
All right, it's showtime!
-Oh.
-Oh! Excuse me!
Uh...
[exhales]
-Hey, Senpai?
-Huh?
You know that girl Kurusu
from Dev Group One?
Yes, I do know her.
Well, she's also entering
the new hire competition.
It kinda seems like
she's feeling a lot of pressure
like me.
So if you see her,
I would appreciate it
if you would encourage her.
Uh...
I'm sorry. I understand this is
highly inappropriate.
I just don't think that she
would accept any help from me.
On top of that, this may be
me seeing a problem
that isn't there.
Uh...
[smiles]
No, I understand.
I'll keep that in mind
if I see her then.
Thanks, Senpai.
Um...
Hmm?
-You're working late.
-[yelling]
Hello.
You're from Dev Group Two.
Shiori Katase.
Are you always at the office
this late?
I don't see
how that's your business.
Well, if you're stuck
on something,
a fresh pair of eyes can be
a big help.
Dev Group Two is the enemy!
We're done. Please leave.
-Is it cool if I sit with you?
-It's not!
Uh.
I know that pouch.
That's twentieth anniversary
Meowtaro merch.
Hah! How were you able
to notice that?
Because I have
one of those myself.
You know they also released one
that gave him a bowtie.
Yes, I also have that one
in my collection!
Meowtaro's design
was different back then
as he had a rounder head
and smaller eyes,
and you could tell that his art
was hand drawn
which I think is much cuter!
I apologize for losing myself.
Even though
it's the Meowtaro company,
I don't get to talk about him
very often.
[Shiori chuckles]
[KURUSU]
Um. You may sit with me.
Thank you very much.
So, you're
a Meowtaro super fan!
I should have guessed.
That's why you wanna win, huh?
Uh-uh?
[KURUSU]
May I ask you a question?
Hmm?
Is there any part of your job
that you find difficult?
That you struggle with?
-Uh...
-Hmm.
Of course, lots of things!
Laying out diagrams,
adjusting text,
the list goes on.
[smiles]
[KURUSU] Could you take
a look at this, please?
Uh.
Uh-hmm.
Would you say this meow
is taro enough?
That's a leading question
if I've ever heard one!
[KURUSU]
My art skills are subpar,
as you can see.
I've kept it secret for a year,
but I can't do it anymore.
I would do anything
to not cause her
disappointment.
But no matter how often I try
or how much I work,
I can't get any better.
Uh.
I want to do well!
I have to! I need to!
But I can't deliver this
for her.
Please tell me, what do I do?
[SHIORI]
Well, that's simple.
Be honest and tell her
that you can't do it.
Huh?
But she'll be upset.
[SHIORI] Telling people
what you can or can't do
-is part of your job.
-Huh?
It's okay.
You did the very best
you could,
so no one is going to hold
anything against you.
[smiles]
[gasps]
Very well.
I'll try and tell her.
Mmm.
-[KURUSU] Director.
-Hmm.
I finished my task.
I tried my best.
Please take a look.
I'd love to.
I can do it right now.
Knowing you,
I'm sure it's perfect.
Ah?
[TAKATSUKASA]
You did this?
[KURUSU]
I'm so sorry, Director.
[crying]
I did my best,
but that's all I can do.
Director,
I know that you said I could,
but I can't.
I wanted to, but I just failed.
Oh.
[TAKATSUKASA]
You did no such thing.
I was the one who failed you.
I'm so sorry, Kurusu.
I thought
I was encouraging you,
but I was just adding
to the pressure.
Can you ever forgive me?
Yes, of course.
[TAKATSUKASA] Hanaoka,
could you help Kurusu
with her proposal?
[HANAOKA]
I'm on it.
Are you sure?
Yeah, it's no problem at all.
[TAKATSUKASA] There are
only a few days left
before the deadline!
Let's all come together
and support Kurusu
as best we can!
[ALL]
Yeah!
Isn't that touching?
They really came together.
Yeah.
[Kurusu laughing]
[SHINOZAKI]
She's in good hands.
[SHIORI] Even though he's
under just as much pressure,
he's still doing what he can
to help others.
[giggles]
-[chuchkes]
-Oh.
Was I making a weird face
or something, Senpai?
It's not that.
I was admiring my kohai,
that's all.
Huh? Wait!
What did I do
that was admirable?
-♪ Meow for Meowtaro!
-Meow for Meowtaro! ♪
-Meow, meow, meow!
[KURUSU]
Thank you for waiting patiently
for My Tiny Meowtaro to return.
[YUUSUKE]
That's not the title.
[SHIORI]
Today's the big day, Shinozaki.
Do you have everything you need
for your presentation?
[SHINOZAKI]
Yep! I'm all set.
Did you double
and triple-check to be sure?
I triple, triple-checked,
and I'm good to go!
Ah.
[SHIORI]
And now we wait.
I gotta say, that
Meowtaro costume looks spot-on!
You're like a goddess,
Hayakawa!
It's not that big a deal.
Compared to
my usual cosplay stuff,
it was pretty easy.
-Just bulkier.
-Your usual what?
I mean, cosplay?
No, I don't do that.
That'd be weird.
[laughs]
Oh, my.
I don't think
I could've done this
without all of your help.
So, thank you, Senpai.
[SHIORI]
Don't say that.
Senpai?
Is it just me, or are you
more nervous than I am?
This is the biggest moment
of my diligent kohai's career!
I'm doing everything I can
just to keep it together!
It's like someone
put a whole butterfly garden
in my stomach.
-It'll be okay, Senpai.
-[SENPAI] I don't know
-[SENPAI] what I'm gonna do.
-Try taking some deep breaths.
Oh. huh?
Hey, Kurusu.
I thought you should know
the one presenting before you
will be me.
Then I guess we'll be having
something of a final
showdown, won't we?
Well, I wish you
the best of luck out there.
[KURUSU]
And another thing.
Thanks for the help.
Uh...
[KURUSU]
Katase mentioned that
you had been concerned
about my emotional well-being.
Ah-ha.
As such, I'm grateful.
Uh.
Sure thing!
But still...
Group One is going to win this.
Say goodbye to your manager!
Dev Group Two won't be
losing anything today
and our manager will be staying
with us where he belongs.
Hmm...
We'll see.
Good luck to you.
[SHINOZAKI]
Yeah! Time to bring it home!
Why would we need to say
goodbye to the manager?
Seems kinda odd,
don't you think?
Aah! Well, sure.
But um, you see.
[SHIORI]
I'm listening.
[SHINOZAKI]
Aah!
[SHIORI]
Shinozaki!
[groans]
Report, contact, and consult!
Three simple things
and you can't do even one!
I'm so very sorry, Senpai.
I knew about the wager though.
Yeah, me too.
Why am I the only one
who didn't know?
This is bad!
We have to renegotiate this!
Except Kurusu
is probably well into her
presentation already.
Could this really be the end?
-[SHINOZAKI] Senpai.
-Huh?
I made this just for you.
Please eat it.
Ah.
[SHINOZAKI] I should have told
you about the wager sooner,
and I'm sorry.
That said, for the past year,
you've taught me everything
I need to win this.
Which is why I won't lose.
[smiles]
Uh...
[SHIORI] Gosh,
when you put it like that.
There's nothing left for me
to say now, is there?
[smiles]
Now get out there
and show them
you're the most valuable
newbie we have!
-Right!
-Huddle up!
Now let's lend him our energy!
-Fine.
-Right.
Dev Group Two won't lose!
-Ready?
-[ALL] Yeah!
[FEMALE MC 11A]
What an excellent presentation
from Kurusu and her team.
The next presentation
will be from Shinozaki's team
from Development Group Two.
[applause]
[SHIORI]
I know we all made a big fuss
about Shinozaki
winning the competition
but I'm still worried.
For this competition,
the goal of Dev Group Two
was to find new ways
of spreading fun.
The things I enjoy today,
everyone can enjoy tomorrow.
What do we need
to make this a reality?
Our very own Super Friend,
Meowtaro!
Super Friend Meowtaro?
I see, well done.
[SHIORI]
You want to make a friend?
That's right.
It hit me when we were playing
with that preschool class.
There are endless ways
to have fun.
What if there was someone
whose purpose
was to help people
share that fun?
What would it be like to have
a friend like that?
Oh, I see.
[SHINOZAKI]
But I need help.
What were some
of the things you heard
the kids say were fun for them?
There was one who said
they enjoyed skateboarding.
I remember one was
really into magic tricks.
Those are perfect!
Meowtaro could recommend
those kinds of things
and could even show you
how you can do them yourself.
It'll create an instant bond
between him and his audience.
So rad!
He really knows how to shred.
Makes me wanna try it.
[MALE EMPLOYEE 11A]
It looks like so much fun!
[smiling]
Things are coming together
like Shinozaki planned.
I can't believe it's Shinozaki
inside that suit.
I know!
So do you think he's single?
[chuckles]
[SHIORI]
Things might be going smoothly,
but he's getting dangerously
close to overdoing it.
People are supposed to think
it's Meowtaro,
not a talented office worker
in a suit.
[audience cheering]
[SHIORI]
Excuse me, ladies,
but I believe you're forgetting
a little something
called boundaries.
Remember,
that's a man in a suit,
not a beloved mascot character
you can feel up willy-nilly!
But still, the way I see it,
that was a wonderful finish
for your first year.
[applause]
[FEMALE MC 11A]
That was Team Shinozaki
from Development Group Two.
[SHIORI]
Amazing job!
They were eating
out of your hand
the whole time!
The title
of "most valuable rookie"
is as good as yours!
[giggling]
I'm guessing
Hayakawa's not there
because she already
went back to her seat.
Since it's just us here,
can I ask you something that's
a little bit embarrassing?
You don't have to do it
if you don't want to.
But still though,
can I please give you a hug?
A big one?
I know it's out of the blue,
but everyone else was doing it
and I was wondering
what it would be like!
Aah! Hey, what's
so weird about a hug?
You were letting
the whole office
give them to you earlier!
[SHINOZAKI]
Hey, I'm back!
Sorry
I had to duck out suddenly.
I had a last-minute
data correction to do.
[SHIORI]
Shinozaki?
But then, if you're here?
Uh...
Who's playing Meowtaro?
-That'd be me
-Aah!
Get over there
and give her a big hug!
That's enough of that,
thank you!
Now let's move it.
They're announcing
the winner soon and we need
to be back in the hall!
Aw, but what about
your precious hug?
I said we need to get moving,
okay!
[FEMALE MC 11A]
After much deliberation,
I am happy
to announce the results
of this year's
new hire competition.
[MALE EMPLOYEE 11C]
I can't even begin to guess
who the winner will be.
[FEMALE EMPLOYEE 11C]
So, Akina was Meowtaro
this whole time?
However, before we do that
the president has a few words.
Ahem!
In addition to announcing
the winning team,
I'd like to give out
this year's
awards for excellence.
The first award is going to
Shinozaki
and Development Group Two!
And the second goes to
Kurusu
and Development Group One!
Give them
a round of applause.
Well done!
We didn't win it after all.
I guess it was a draw.
Looks like
it wasn't meant to be.
What are you talking about?
I know you didn't win
the competition
but the excellence award
is big too!
So you should be
proud of yourself!
Oh. Thank you, Senpai!
Well done, Kurusu.
[crying]
Director, I'm sorry.
I failed.
Why would you think that?
[KURUSU]
Everyone came together
and worked so hard to help me,
but even then, I couldn't win
the Most Valuable
New Hire award. [crying]
[TAKATSUKASA] You've done
nothing to apologize for.
[crying]
Congratulations on your
excellence award, Kurusu.
-[crying]
-Huh?
[KURUSU] But now you won't
get Dev Group One's manager.
And you said that you needed
him to help you keep growing.
Oh.
You know,
I forgot we were doing that.
It was your plan! You forgot?
Guess so.
But it's fine.
Seeing you all band together
helped me realize
I already have everything
I need
to reach greater heights.
And that's my invaluable
subordinates!
Hmm?
You mean it?
Here's to many more years
together, Kurusu.
Yes, ma'am!
[all smiling]
[PRESIDENT]
And now, at long last,
The Most Valuable
New Hire!
There were
many great submissions,
but only one team was worthy
of this prestigious prize.
Yamagishi and Public Relations!
-Hah!
But how? Why me?
Huzzah!
[FEMALE MC 11A] How did you
come up with your idea?
I just kinda did it?
And it's all thanks
to my daily, expert guidance!
[SHINOZAKI] He was the least
motivated out of anyone!
[KURUSU]
This is frustrating.
[FEMALE MC 11A] On that note,
thanks to all our new hires
for their hard work this year!
[SHIORI]
Great job, everyone.
Especially you, Shinozaki!
[AKINA] I hear there's a
big wrap party waiting for us!
[ISHIYAMA]
It's my ultimate victory party!
-[ALL] No, it isn't.
-[ISHIYAMA] Pretty please?
[yawning]
Afternoons at work
drag on forever.
[KURUSU]
You heard right.
Just the excellence one.
Oh, stop!
It ain't nothing like that,
dontchaya hear?
Uh...
Aah!
Catchya later!
Forget everything.
Yeah, I don't think
it works like that.
Not like that either!
So, what's the big deal,
anyway?
It's embarrassing, that's why.
[YUUSUKE]
I don't see how it would be.
We don't really have an accent
back where I'm from,
so honestly,
I'm a little jealous of yours.
Hmm?
[KURUSU] Hmm. But why would
you be jealous?
Uh, because accents
are awesome.
Huh?
Anyway, I don't want to
talk through lunch
so see ya later.
Hey! Wait up!
Huh?
You're a real peach.
Uh...
I'm a real what now?
Hmph!
[blabbering]